feat: add visor docs (#6996)
vegaprotocol/vega: visor/run-config.md

## *RunConfig*
Root of the config file

### Fields

<dl>
<dt>
	<code>name</code>  <strong>string</strong>  - required
</dt>

<dd>

Name of the upgrade.

> <blockquote>It is recommended to use an upgrade version as a name.</blockquote>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<blockquote>It is recommended that you use the upgrade version as the name.</blockquote>
```

</dd>

<dt>
	<code>vega</code>  <strong><a href="#vegaconfig">VegaConfig</a></strong>  - required
</dt>

<dd>

Configuration of a Vega node.

</dd>

<dt>
	<code>data_node</code>  <strong><a href="#datanodeconfig">DataNodeConfig</a></strong>  - optional
</dt>

<dd>

> Configuration of a Data node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration of a data node.
```

</dd>

### Complete example

```hcl
name = "v1.65.0"

[vega]
 [vega.binary]
  path = "/path/vega-binary"
  args = ["--arg1", "val1", "--arg2"]
 [vega.rpc]
  socketPath = "/path/socket.sock"
  httpPath = "/rpc"

```

</dl>

---

## *VegaConfig*

> Allows to configure Vega binary and it's arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to configure a Vega binary and its arguments.
```

### Fields

<dl>
<dt>
	<code>binary</code>  <strong><a href="#binaryconfig">BinaryConfig</a></strong>  - required
</dt>

<dd>

Configuration of Vega binary to be run.

</dd>

<dt>
	<code>rpc</code>  <strong><a href="#rpcconfig">RPCConfig</a></strong>  - required
</dt>

<dd>

Visor communicates with the core node via RPC API that runs over UNIX socket.

> This parameter allows to configure the UNIX socket to match the core node configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter allows you to configure the UNIX socket to match the core node configuration.
```

</dd>

### Complete example

```hcl
[vega]
 [vega.binary]
  path = "/path/vega-binary"
  args = ["--arg1", "val1", "--arg2"]
 [vega.rpc]
  socketPath = "/path/socket.sock"
  httpPath = "/rpc"

```

</dl>

---

## *DataNodeConfig*

> Allows to configure Data node binary and it's arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to configure a data node binary and its arguments.
```

### Fields

<dl>
<dt>
	<code>binary</code>  <strong><a href="#binaryconfig">BinaryConfig</a></strong>  - required
</dt>

<dd>

</dd>

### Complete example

```hcl
[data_node]
 [data_node.binary]
  path = "/path/data-node-binary"
  args = ["--arg1", "val1", "--arg2"]

```

</dl>

---

## *BinaryConfig*

> Allows to configure binary and it's arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to configure a binary and its arguments.
```

### Fields

<dl>
<dt>
	<code>path</code>  <strong>string</strong>  - required
</dt>

<dd>

Path to the binary.

> <blockquote>Both absolute or relative path can be used.
> Relative path is relative to a parent folder of this config file.
> </blockquote>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<blockquote>An absolute or relative path can be used.
Relative path is relative to a parent folder of this config file.
</blockquote>
```

</dd>

<dt>
	<code>args</code>  <strong>[]string</strong>  - required
</dt>

<dd>

Arguments that will be applied to the binary.

> <blockquote>Each element the list represents one space seperated argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<blockquote>Each element on the list represents one space-separated argument.
```

</blockquote>
</dd>

### Complete example

```hcl
path = "/path/binary"
args = ["--arg1", "val1", "--arg2"]

```

</dl>

---

## *RPCConfig*

> Allows to configure connection to core node exposed UNIX socket RPC API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to configure a connection to the core node exposed UNIX socket RPC API.
```
